README.md, before:

# Tymeventure
A small adventure game I'm working on. Currently it's nothing big, but it will be. Eventually.

## How to install
You will need:
 - Python 3.4
 - Curses for Python 3.4

Download the .zip of the game. In the future you really should go to the Releases tab, but there's not much here right now so you can go ahead and just download the latest commit.

Exctract it into a folder. Enter that folder, then run `python setup.py build`.
After that, run `python setup.py install`.
Run `tymeventure` to play the game.

## Command-line Arguments
`-h, --help`: Show help
`-n, --name NAME`: Set your name
`--nocolor`: Don't use colors

## I have an old version installed. Do I need to uninstall it to update?
Nope! Just go through the installation instructions and it'll automatically update.

## Uh, there's a problem!
Simply report an issue and I'll get to it.

## There was a problem but I fixed it now!
Make a pull request and I'll check it over. If it's good (as in it doesn't introduce more bugs or go against the goal of the project), then I'll add it in.

## I have an idea!
Suggest ideas on [the Scratch topic](https://scratch.mit.edu/discuss/topic/185267/).
Alternatively, you can make a pull request and add your idea to IDEAS.md.

Commit message:

Formatting and sudo note
I can't seem to get the hang of Markdown...
Also, I made a note about sudo on Linux since I have to run it that way to install.

README.md, after:

# Tymeventure
A small adventure game I'm working on. Currently it's nothing big, but it will be. Eventually.

## How to install
You will need:
 - Python 3.4
 - Curses for Python 3.4

Download the .zip of the game. In the future you really should go to the Releases tab, but there's not much here right now so you can go ahead and just download the latest commit.

Exctract it into a folder. Enter that folder, then run `python setup.py build`.<br>
After that, run `python setup.py install`. (You may need to run with `sudo` on Linux.)<br>
Run `tymeventure` to play the game.

## Command-line Arguments

- `-h, --help`: Show help
- `-n, --name NAME`: Set your name
- `--nocolor`: Don't use colors

## I have an old version installed. Do I need to uninstall it to update?
Nope! Just go through the installation instructions and it'll automatically update.

## Uh, there's a problem!
Simply report an issue and I'll get to it.

## There was a problem but I fixed it now!
Make a pull request and I'll check it over. If it's good (as in it doesn't introduce more bugs or go against the goal of the project), then I'll add it in.

## I have an idea!
Suggest ideas on [the Scratch topic](https://scratch.mit.edu/discuss/topic/185267/).<br>
Alternatively, you can make a pull request and add your idea to IDEAS.md.
